To see so many big names in Jiang City
Today's opportunity
is very valuable
The wedding is at 4 p.m.
As long as I get back before the ceremony
it’s fine
You came
Didn’t you say you were busy?
What’s more important than Director Wen’s birthday?
The people drinking with Director Wen are...
On the left is
Chairman Fang of Shengshi Group
In the middle is
Director Xiao Song of Motian Entertainment
And behind them
Is the founder of Xingyue Group
Davy
Well?
I told you I wasn’t lying
Everyone here today
is a big name
Alright, stop just standing there
I’ll introduce you around
Okay
Mom,
look who’s here?
Auntie
Long time no see, Thiếu Gian
I heard from Qi Lou
you’ve done a lot of research on Tang and Song dynasty antiques
This is a Suzhou Liuli lamp from the Song Dynasty
I hope you like it
You didn’t need to bring a gift
Just coming is enough
It’s just a small token from me
Hope you won’t mind
Director Wen
This is...
Come, let me introduce you all
He is Duan Xiao Jian, a well-known host
at Jiang City TV Station
Also a friend of my daughter
Hello
Hello, hello
The groom hasn’t arrived yet?
Only half an hour left until the ceremony starts
If we don't finish the makeup soon, I won’t make it in time